topocentric projection (#11104)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_configuration.rst

> * |checkbox| :guilabel:`No CRS (or unknown/non-Earth projection)`:

Reviewer: No checkbox, isn't it? and the label might not be good anymore

Author: My bad, I overlooked 🫣

  layers are drawn based on their raw coordinates
* or an existing coordinate reference system that can be *geographic*,

>   *projected*, *user-defined* or *topocentric*. Layers added to the project are translated

Reviewer: I feel like we are mixing two levels of information here:
* "geographic" and "projected" are sub items of the *predefined* entry
* while *user-defined* and *topocentric* are at the same higher level as *predefined*.

Maybe should we go with:

```suggestion
* or a coordinate reference system that can be an existing CRS from the installed PROJ database,
  a derived one using a specific origin point (*topocentric*) or a custom one defined as a WKT string.
  Layers added to the project are translated
```

>   on-the-fly to this CRS in order to overlay them regardless their original CRS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on-the-fly to this CRS in order to overlay them regardless of their original CRS.
```
